Okay, so Godzilla is something that...
You know. Every time, every time they make the movie, everything gets better like that.
Yeah.
It wasn't that good? Well, you saw the the Hollow the Hollow Earth movie.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Too much CG. And the, and the story about wasn't that great either.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
It was, it was. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. So, I think...
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Shimo.
Shimo? Shimo is something.
It's a she?
It's a she, that's why it's a shimo. That's why it's a shimo. She?
Yeah, ice monster. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Oh it's like a Oompa Loompa looking. What? Oompa Loompa. Oh yeah yeah. It's kind of like that.
Yeah.
Yeah...
Oopa Loopa.
Axolotl. What is that?
Oh! It's Oompa Loompa sci- scientific name?
Yeah, yeah. But... Really?
Wow... Accelanto?
Sounds like exe... sounds like excelente.
Aah.
Wait, the Japanese is Oompa Loompa?
Okay, but anyway. Yeah, yeah. Godzilla going back but i don't know how the Muto
Muto is in the in the hollow hollow earth.
And then all those, all those like a native native people start to come out.
It's like, where do they come out?
I know, they work. But... Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
Muto always get destroyed. Yeah.
Motola. Wow.
Wait, wait. Which movie is that one?
Oh
That's the old one 1970s.
yeah
Evil Mothra? Really?
so they have a they have a different
so they have a different peanuts like singing songs for them
Only the the real Masala has that those a...
Yeah.
Oh, wait wait what kind a. What kind of bad thing?
What kind of bad thing did the bad Mothra do?
That'd be good. You're evil.
Do animation? Imitating the Mothra?
Pretend to be good but not really good.
Oh... Yeah.
Wait, oh so they work together at the end to destroy
Okay the other died. So other Mothra died.
Batra? Batora? Battra?
Battra? Batora. So...
So Battra dies but the Mothra lives.
Okay. But Godzilla gets defeated. Aaah...
yeah Godzilla always get defeated one way or another but he always comes
back Yeah, so he never died.
Yeah yeah yeah.
So the Minus One is kind of one of those.
Godzilla, Godzilla is the greatest.
Godzilla is just a Godzilla right? It doesn't really matter good or bad.
Well, bad for the people. For the people. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. You know what because the Godzilla doesn't have a target.
when there's no other monsters to fight with, so they only take on the people.
Right? And destroying properties. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's how things happen.
Yeah.
Yeah, but why is it why is it Shin Godzilla like this?
Why made, why made Shin Godzilla spit the fire like that he did?
Start destroying things for no reason.
Because he has no other monster to attack. Well, that's what he does.
yeah yeah yeah so that was pretty cool but
Yeah, so that was something that no one thought about.
and then especially like the little laser thing come up on the back that was good
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah from the back, basically.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
that was something that was no one really thought about this. Yeah...
Yeah.